All right.
So we have this full with images.
The next thing I want to work on is the the numbers.
Just like you can see in our finished project, we show the numbers, how many posts we have, categories
come to news and this information is something we are already showing in the admin.
Desperate.
So we have this one.
So we want to do that.
We want to use the same code and display this in our home base as well here.
Now instead of copy pasting the code, we can just try to reuse that.
So let's see what we can do that.
So let's go to bases admin.
Index.
So here, basically we need to get the numbers right.
So that's all we need because here we can import the render progress component that we created that
will show the numbers.
So if I click here, you can see this is the the component so we can reuse this.
No problem there.
But to get the numbers, we can either copy the score, put in the home base, and that will give us
all the numbers.
And then we can just import this component and show it like this one.
Oh, if you don't want to just copy and maybe try to use it as a hook, you can do that as well.
So let's let's try to use it as a hook.
I guess we have already done that for categories in this post earlier, so we can do something similar
for these numbers.
All right.
Let me.
Good hooks for them.
Let me just copy one existing hook just to make things a bit easier.
Copy that.
Create a new file.
Let current users
use numbers.
That is the best here.
First, I want to change the name command f.
Command V tends to use numbers, find and replace.
So we change the component name and here in the state and use effect.
We actually want to copy this.
Cook So we have this function that is used in use effect in the state so we can cut all that, got all
that and put here.
And I sort of took this out of that beautiful tool.
We got the numbers in the state.
We have the function that runs in give us the number.
So here we can return numbers.
But now we can easily import this, use numbers two and give the numbers.
So let's do that.
So let me save this.
Go here.
And now we got this could actually save.
Obviously, we get the error.
Then just sign in.
You can see we get the error but that's an easy fix that's import
huge numbers from.
Hoax.
Sort of hoax.
Let's use numbers.
Let's remove the excuse we're not using here.
Let's import the hoax.
You defected and did that.
So you use numbers here let me just destruction numbers that to be returned from this who
use those beautiful now we get the numbers so everything should work like before.
Ask you to try.
And you can see here we have the numbers.
Beautiful.
That means we can import that hook and.
Display the numbers in the home as well.
All right.
So let me close on the devs.
Let me open basis index.
So that's a home and let me open them on the side by side just so that it's a bit easier.
So this is the admin.
So that's what this is the homepage.
So on the homepage we want to show the numbers so we can use this.
Important.
Now, since we are in the home base, I think we don't have to go and step down.
I think it just one force less.
Okay.
And then execute this.
So.
Matthew Wiener using the context so far, but let's leave it.
If we use it a bit later, I'll do it.
You can delete this one.
So we've got the numbers now to show the numbers.
We can import this rendered from this component as well.
So we are.
Do we just need to go and step into this full range of progress and then.
We should be able to show them now.
This time I want to show them all in one draw.
So let me just copy this first row.
And just put it down here.
So post a comment and then another.
We have four categories and uses.
Now, I'm not going to copy the column.
I'm just going to copy this.
I'm sorry.
I'm not going to cover the role, but just call.
I guess it was copy on that.
So we all have to column into this rule one column for post, one for comments.
And now we based on the.
Four categories and use.
It's the only thing we want to change here is change the spin.
Make it six or six times these four random progress.
They will all fit in a row.
Now, if you come here.
So on the desk where we have issues.
Can't resolve.
Okay, so let's see.
Use numbers.
We export huge numbers.
We return.
Thank you, sir.
It looks good.
So we are here one step or two step.
Who?
Okay.
So this one, this one I'm getting from the home base, the index, I guess that's again, nothing wrong
with the admin.
Actually, we already saw it worked.
I so this is the homepage.
So we looks like we have imported the wrong way.
Let's see.
User numbers from.
So we need
to go.
Okay.
So we are instead paid this.
Of course we had to go and step up, I guess.
So remember double digits.
Okay.
Let's go to home.
Rose is not here.
So let's make sure we have the raw import raw
and then call from and.
Beautiful.
We got the numbers, but you can see we don't want it to be like that.
We want them to all be in one line.
And that's an easy fix.
All you have to do, it's in this form spend six, 12 to 6 so that six, six and over six.
And then the last one all together.
Six times for that.
20 for.
Beautiful.
Let's make sure we have some.
Get on top.
Right.
So for.
Style Mars and top.
Let me just give you the value of 50.
Academics.
Maybe for.
Awesome.